handling muxed conns. Closes #1139. (#1167)
ietf-tapswg/api-drafts: draft-ietf-taps-impl.md

An implementation could choose to let certain handshakes and negotiations complete to gather metrics that influence future connections.
Keeping additional connections is generally not recommended, because those attempts were slower to connect and may exhibit less desirable properties.

### Determining Successful Establishment {#determining-successful-establishment}

On a per-protocol basis, implementations may select different criteria by which a leaf node is considered to be successfully connected. If the only protocol being used is a transport protocol with a clear handshake, like TCP, then the obvious choice is to declare that node "connected" when the last packet of the three-way handshake has been received. If the only protocol being used is an connectionless protocol, like UDP, the implementation may consider the node fully "connected" the moment it determines a route is present, before sending any packets on the network, see further {{connectionless-racing}}.

> When the Initiate action of a Transport Services API is called without Messages being handed over, depending on the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the Initiate action is called without any Messages being sent at the same time, depending on the
```

If all of the leaf nodes fail to connect during racing, i.e. none of the configurations that satisfy all requirements given in the Transport Properties actually work over the available paths, then the transport system should report an EstablishmentError to the application. An EstablishmentError event should also be generated in case the transport system finds no usable candidates to race.

## Establishing multiplexed connections {#establish-mux}

Multiplexing several Connections over a single underlying transport connection requires that the Connections to be multiplexed belong to the same Connection Group (as is indicated by the application using the Clone call). When the underlying transport connection supports multi-streaming, the Transport Services System can map each Connection in the Connection Group to a different stream.

For such streams, there is often no explicit connection
establishment procedure for the new stream prior to sending data on it (e.g., with SCTP). In this case, the same
considerations apply to determining stream establishment as apply to establishing a UDP connection, as
discussed in {{determining-successful-establishment}}.

> procedure. This, then, also means that there may not

Author: ```suggestion
This, then, also means that there may not
```

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

If all of the leaf nodes fail to connect during racing, i.e. none of the configurations that satisfy all requirements given in the Transport Properties actually work over the available paths, then the transport system should report an EstablishmentError to the application. An EstablishmentError event should also be generated in case the transport system finds no usable candidates to race.

## Establishing multiplexed connections {#establish-mux}

Multiplexing several Connections over a single underlying transport connection requires that the Connections to be multiplexed belong to the same Connection Group (as is indicated by the application using the Clone call). When the underlying transport connection supports multi-streaming, the Transport Services System can map each Connection in the Connection Group to a different stream.

For such streams, there is often no explicit connection
establishment procedure for the new stream prior to sending data on it (e.g., with SCTP). In this case, the same
considerations apply to determining stream establishment as apply to establishing a UDP connection, as
discussed in {{determining-successful-establishment}}.

> the Transport Services implementation can establish a new Connection by simply beginning to use

Author: ```suggestion
```

If all of the leaf nodes fail to connect during racing, i.e. none of the configurations that satisfy all requirements given in the Transport Properties actually work over the available paths, then the transport system should report an EstablishmentError to the application. An EstablishmentError event should also be generated in case the transport system finds no usable candidates to race.

## Establishing multiplexed connections {#establish-mux}

Multiplexing several Connections over a single underlying transport connection requires that the Connections to be multiplexed belong to the same Connection Group (as is indicated by the application using the Clone call). When the underlying transport connection supports multi-streaming, the Transport Services System can map each Connection in the Connection Group to a different stream.

Thus, when the Connections that are offered to an application by the Transport Services API are multiplexed,
the Transport Services implementation can establish a new Connection by using

> a new stream of an already established transport connection. For such streams, there is often no explicit connection

Author: ```suggestion
For such streams, there is often no explicit connection
```
